Update build-custom-reports-using-log-analytics-api.md (#9589)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/guide/build-custom-reports-using-log-analytics-api.md

```
In the response, `c0` represents the unique count of `useragent`, `c1` represents the `pc90` of metric `duration`, `c2` represents the `avg` of metric `network.bytes_written`, and `c3` represents the total `count` of log events.

### Pagination

> With the following API call, build a `table` to display the breakdown of your log data by `facets` such as `service` and `status`, sort the results by `service` in ascending order and paginate over the result set using `limit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following API call builds a `table` to display the breakdown of your log data by facets (such as `service` and `status`), sorts the results by `service` in ascending order, and paginates over the result set using `limit`.
```
